We have, in our loop, we have explore innovations, sense making, and composition and critique, yes. And what happens is, um, we, we, we, we can expand the slope into different ways, like kind of 2 different directors. The 1st one is this, when we, when we are running this loop, um, it should be able to, uh, for example, there's like, uh, it can run one time, and then it can kind of, it already does some exploratory, it does some innovation. It does some sense making. I totally did some critique, and it kind of understand the context better. And then it should make a decision, maybe this can be the another discipline at the end of the loop. Yeah, this code base is actually really big. Yes, we ran Explorer, but Explorer was kind of short. We should run it again. Or maybe it's a niche problem, and the solution which is offered is not really suitable for our end goals. And then this new discipline, let's say, at the end of the loop, should say, okay, like we need to innovate and we should be able to innovate maybe one hour, yeah? So it can for some rerun innovation one time. It can chain a 2nd time and 3rd time, and this way. Innovation will kind of cover a lot more interesting things. That's, that's, I think, one of the breakthroughs. Uh, that we can have. This is really powerful because this means that loop will basically decide if it should do a stage two. stage one is standard. Stage 2 is where loop can run in rearranged form .first loop can create a custom loop structure from discipline, like, for example, 5 innovation chains or 3 explorations, et cetera. Um, the 1st one is t static stable loop, it's always running the same way. But because it's kind of smart enough because this loop has all the core cognitive disciplines, it can now generate this 2nd stage structure, which can, we can, like, programmatically even create this new loop on the fly, uh,  and I think this is really good. Um, breakthrough.