On navigation should run. It has kind of 2 approaches. 1st approaches, and there is a, uh, no particular guidance of, um, which direction to run the navigation. It's a code base, and I run the navigation, and I should get a map of Kind of each direction in the code base. And what is being kind of, what is being discovered, what's being explored, what is being chased. I should get kind of list of these things, understandings of these things. And it should be, I think, the result should be something like, um, like nodes of directions. Uh, with efforts, it's, Um, it should be something like, I guess, 3D, how deep each of the North is. Uh, but I guess this is maybe a bad idea. It shouldn't be a node because the directions are vague, and we can explore, so maybe it should be more of like a, kind of, Mm. Maybe it should be more of like just not nodes. But. I don't know. It can be, like, nodes because of the other versions are not feasible. Other versions are not quantifiable. So maybe it should be like notes. For example, One Direction can be how to run loops, One Direction can be, um, how to handle errors in, uh, in terms of loop outputs, one direction can be loop output gives, ambiguous ends for, and how it should be solved, and one other answer can be. How to create, like discipline, disciplines, how to find, new disciplines, what under note should be, maybe, how to improve current discipline. One other node is how to. Uh, how to actually And diagnose a problem within a discipline. And this is actually a really heavy run. Because it has to kind of map. It has to enumerate all, um, all kind of code base and current LLMs, they are not really good with creating such huge outputs and inaccurate way. So what should be done is like how this should work is, in my understanding, it should be stages, but like for example, 1st run, uh, under this navigation. Uh, it will kind of 1st map the big concepts. In squad base. And I can just somehow commend this navigation to, okay, run it again. And it will use kind of, it will, uh, use something like a 4 loop. It will take a concept from the 1st run, and it will go discover other notes around it. And it's finished, and then we go to the 1st run, 2nd result, and then run a 2nd kind of, uh, animation listing, listing, navigation run, uh, which kind of discovers the, uh, like more resolution concepts around that concept. Uh, and and so on and if we finish all, for example, 1st round, produce 10 big concepts, and we can just go and We ran the 2nd one. Uh, within the 2nd stage of the navigation, on top of the 1st one, and then it will go and create maybe for each uh, concept, uh, from the 1st one, it can find 10 new concepts, 5 new concepts, 8 new concepts, et cetera. And let's say in total, after the 2nd in total, there are 15 new kind of, um, like, notes. And we can go and run again and it will become even more. It will become even like maybe this time to become 200. Yeah? And this is really heavy, but this is actually achievable because it's not, um, it is using something like for loop. Like, it is a, not, it's not using a full loop, but it is using such logic. Maybe as a 1st level, I should be the one who will go and then just, you know, as a user, I will be the one who will go and run each of these navigation runs. One by one. It's also okay at 1st it's okay. Our point is that we need navigation for our work. We understand the 1st stage of navigation will be inefficient in terms of I will be the one who will trigger it. That's also okay. But the result of it is something we can actually uh, over time, uh, improve the code base itself, and improve the navigation itself too, and we can make it a lot more efficient. But at 1st it's okay if it is, it works in such frame. And this is how the 1st version of navigation should work. And the discussion should be about how this can work. This is, I think, the 1st thing we should solve. And yeah.



And the 2nd discussion is about, Let's say we ran a navigation in towards the direction. We're working on something and then we just want to know what to do next. We can just point out to the source files. And we can just run a navigation Discipline query. What art should be? And in my understanding, it should be, it should produce us an update. It, it should produce us an update to the kind of big, big navigation runs, like code-based level navigation runs. But in a local way, like it will create some artifact files. It will not go and edit the big navigation file, which we ran for the whole code base, for example. And it will create some local files that it will do the same thing as we discussed in discussion one. It will understand the concepts around it. And then it will kind of categorize the concepts. And it will, um, kind of also produce what's the status of this concept, how much they were kind of considered, how much they've been working on. Um, and are they kind of blocked other stuff, you know, usual stuff that we already understood this 12 or 16 categories, let's say. Um, And we can run it in a direction, so navigation can be run in a direction, in a local way. It will produce an artifact. It's for produce an MD file. Which also kind of contributes to the big navigation, which can contribute to the big navigation file. It's important. It may not be used, but it can be used to update the big navigation file. And That's another, that's another separate process, like we don't care now. Uh, so each kind of local me RAMIT. And then, let's say, towards the direction, we ran a navigation, and then we see some navigation map there. And then we can use this navigation map to um, not update anything. It's okay. And then we pick one of these subdomain, sub, um, concepts, and then we just kind of also, uh, we worked on that and then we ran another navigation towards that. What can happen is, like, we are actually creating a resolution. We are. Hmm. They're killing the ambiguity of what exists. And we are kind of opening a enlightening a map. It feels such, it should feel such way. And the more we run the navigation, the more we kind of settings. And We are producing navigation artifacts. So it's possible really easily with LLMs that I can just point to navigation artifacts together. And then I can combine them, uh, to, to a bigger navigation map. It's also possible if they are kind of mergeable. These 2 paths are mergible, then we can combine them. Create something new. And and I think also, it will be really beneficial if we think of how these nodes are, um, can be visualized in the future, and maybe not, so maybe we will not be able to quantify how big an concept is, these things are okay. They can just be all same size nodes, but imagine if it's like a map and then if you have this navigation, and I can just, like, there's an user interface, and I can just go and click, uh, some part. I can just write something. Okay, just let's just dive this into this parts. And our system can actually start discovering it. Under underneath, it's running the, um, our loops, not navigation, but other, like main group, MVL loop. And I don't actually use the code base. I am just using the UI. Just point out, let's go this direction, let's go this direction. I can just give an input and it's kind of going and then creating this kind of understandings around the other concepts and we are just kind of traversing the thinking space and we can see this with UI.